Jodi Dumler: We're finally on track. It sounds like
Jodi Dumler: Did they tell you what day your meeting is with the doctor.
Jodi Dumler: Okay at 10 right
Jodi Dumler: Oh yeah, you're right. I did my calculations wrong first Pacific and central. Yep.
Jodi Dumler: Yep.
Jodi Dumler: 12 Pacific. So that would be to your right. Yes, I went the wrong way.
Jason short: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: You didn't make it last week. Right. They did you make it to see her last Wednesday to make it this week.
Jason short: Or yesterday.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Perfect. So you're on track.
Jodi Dumler: And then, did they did anybody call you the other piece that I wanted them to make sure they had so we don't run into this, again, is
Jodi Dumler: That anybody call you with just making sure they have everything they need so they can, they should already. But what I want to set in place is back and forth communication with your doctor's office that you use for your drug test.
Jodi Dumler: So that we don't run into issues so that that doesn't become a thing again.
Jason short: Probably
Jodi Dumler: Okay, I'm gonna I'm gonna I'm gonna put that in.
Jodi Dumler: Because I want to get it. I just don't
Jodi Dumler: Want to
Jodi Dumler: I want us to all be on the same page, and I want it to go smooth.
Jodi Dumler: I don't like it when we have hiccups and I want us all to be on track. So, um, let me see.
Jodi Dumler: I'm going to put it here where I'm going to put it
Jodi Dumler: Give me a second. I want to put it somewhere where I can find it again. Everybody can see it.
Okay.
Jodi Dumler: You got all that information on your doctor.
Jodi Dumler: Handy.
Jason short: There's a slow day
Jason short: It's cold in here.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Well as soon as we get off. All right. Before we get off and want you to give me that information, because I want to make sure I got it in the computer.
Jason short: Oh, so
Jodi Dumler: We just need
Jason short: To close off.
Jodi Dumler: Because I'm pretty sure you've signed releases. I'm sure you have. So I felt like we should be good on that end.
Jodi Dumler: I knew you had. So I just want to put it in here so that I know where it is, if people ask me, I can say, that's where it is.
Doctor's name.
Jason short: co op
Jodi Dumler: Facts.
Jodi Dumler: You can find it online. I bet at least the phone number should be online.
Jodi Dumler: Yeah, and they at your doctor's office. They have a lab right
Jason short: Whoa.
Jodi Dumler: Where do you, where do you go if they'd want you to do like a
Jodi Dumler: Or do they send it off or what is what. What have you been doing
Jason short: Today,
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Jason short: That's what
Jodi Dumler: They had
Jodi Dumler: Does anybody in there. Have a lab. Do you guys have a hospital.
Jason short: Hospital.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: And I wondered is just okay
Jodi Dumler: Hospital.
Jodi Dumler: However,
Jodi Dumler: My Mercy. That's always
Jason short: Time to get back up.
Jason short: A BAD GUY. There's some money falling behind to help with my cup there. I think they finally got their Medicare number or something. I don't think they're not much having an open, but they got it yet.
Jason short: That's what I said about the MLS and we can have a job.
Jason short: Is just to get my latest hello
Jodi Dumler: Tina to Walmart.
Jason short: Oh, yeah.
Jodi Dumler: Well, once you're back. I feel like I feel like once everything's back flowing and they get your drug tests and everything. I feel like it'll go back to normal, like where we were at the once a month, but you got to get through the next month.
Jodi Dumler: I did. I think it'll get back to normal and your doctoral know you you know because I've seen you for a month. So she'll like
You know, that'll be good.
Jodi Dumler: Good to have her and you
Should
Jason short: Have a low Horatio without the Firefighter. Firefighter for yeah
Jodi Dumler: Her big as soon as you get it just call him.
Jason short: Me.
Jason short: Or is it
Jason short: The follower is
Jodi Dumler: 60 931-243-3860
Jodi Dumler: Their fax number not, it's okay. Just checking.
Jason short: Slow
Jodi Dumler: I didn't hear it.
Jodi Dumler: Wasn't bad does. You guys have a lot of snow.
Jason short: See
Jodi Dumler: So,
Jodi Dumler: With getting the week script that you're getting for the next couple weeks. Are you are you going to be taking the
Jodi Dumler: Like you were able to buy it. Also, you're taking the full dose again.
Jason short: Yeah, okay.
Jodi Dumler: That's what I wondered, are you hoping once once you get back to the regular once a month, are you hoping to be able to do you think you're going to have income to consistently get the right amount every time.
Jason short: Oh, so it's a lot cheaper or it's far sure that lot hours play or Sri Lanka coil for Drago good elbows TOEFL toward
Jodi Dumler: Good.
Jodi Dumler: Getting there.
Jodi Dumler: You've had the same primary care doctor. The whole time, haven't you, I know he had that one thing. But then it was fine. Right.
Jason short: Hello Dr here. Hey record.
Jodi Dumler: After all that issue. Okay, I had the thing within. OK.
Jodi Dumler: OK, so Dr.
Jodi Dumler: Copeland is kind of new to you then.
Jason short: Well, because my long term or should
Jason short: I wait for people
Jason short: To paid you will, they will come and walk answer that one second after Bay. They're kind of locked out unless you're he's a real poor
Jason short: Girl.
Jason short: Wait a few. Mm hmm.
Jodi Dumler: With not that you want to. But I'm just curious with you, having to drive monthly now to Walmart in the other town anyway. Is there a doctor there or, you know, or a hospital, clinic mix there that would be a better fit possibly
Jason short: Oh well, they're probably are.
Jason short: I love it.
Jason short: I love the doctor that I can go her
Jason short: I can't stand that man.
Jason short: Run, he will go. She's pretty.
Jason short: Close to the rock. I always wonder if you will. Oh, say really helps to talk about
Jodi Dumler: Right.
Jodi Dumler: I mean, I want to, I want to work with who you have as a doctor. But I also want I want my patients to have a primary care doctor that they like
Jodi Dumler: Okay, hold on, hold on, hold on.
Get there.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Okay 931-243-4607
Jason short: Okay.
Jason short: Perfect.
Jodi Dumler: Alright, well I'll keep that in there and I'll will try to work with that doctor's office, but if you change and you find another one. Or if you find one touch to a hospital at the other town, you're driving to anyway. Then let me know.
Jodi Dumler: Because if it's attached to a little or low
Jodi Dumler: Or if it has a lab then that'll might be faster to for you if you're doing tests or whatnot.
Jason short: Because I
Jodi Dumler: Have a lab attached to the clinic.
So,
Just maybe at least
Okay.
Jodi Dumler: So we're good. We got our plan. Let's look
Jodi Dumler: I mean other than the withdrawal.
Jodi Dumler: Last time I talked to you. I mean, PTSD symptoms have been down. You said, seizures, have been down right so i mean physical health and mental health has been better. Or what would you say
Jason short: It's
Jason short: Coming.
Jason short: Back.
Jodi Dumler: One thing I'd really like you to do this month, while you're for sure going weekly and you're going to have the medicine consistently.
Jodi Dumler: I mean, I'm hoping you'll be able to keep it taking your dose every day, like we want, but I'd love to know as you go forth through this month how your pain does when you're actually you know where your pain level you sit out when you're taking the, the two a day. Right.
Jodi Dumler: Or. Mm hmm. Because I feel like you've been not on to a day consistently for so long.
Jodi Dumler: That
Jodi Dumler: I'd be interested to
Jodi Dumler: See where your pain and depression and stuff. How they sit now that you you know if you're consistent for a month how you're feeling, if that makes sense.
Jason short: Or where oh
Jason short: Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: So as of today, just give me a starter as of today of 10 was the worst pain zero, as you know. No pain at all. Where, where would you say you are today on pain scale.
Jason short: For
Jodi Dumler: Okay, yeah.
Jason short: Cocoa
Jason short: Or
Yeah.
Jodi Dumler: About depression.
Jodi Dumler: 1010 worst
Jodi Dumler: Have you had much anxiety. What you did during the withdrawal of course so that once you
Jason short: Got your
Jodi Dumler: Yesterday, and I guess we'll see. So as of today, where is anxiety sitting today and we'll just go from there.
Jodi Dumler: What would you put it out.
Jodi Dumler: Well, that's good. At least you're not waking up depressed or anxious. That's good news.
Jason short: I was
Jodi Dumler: Good.
Jodi Dumler: You weren't. You're just a little bit when when I'm not surprised, your pains out of four or five, even though you just woke up because you've been laying Tuesday haven't been moving
Jodi Dumler: So you probably get sore overnight.
So that makes sense. Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Those are the top ones that I know for you pain sometimes the depression and anxiety. Other than that, I mean, are those your big ones are there something else I
Jason short: Missing that's good that you
Jodi Dumler: Know that kind of keeps you down.
Jason short: Oh, that's
Jodi Dumler: Okay, that's all I thought it's just those three. Okay, just making sure
Jason short: All right.
Jodi Dumler: Otherwise daily life howson and Maria and family, how are things going
Jason short: On
Jason short: So pretty.
Jodi Dumler: How old are your girls now.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: You getting up there. So you get is one of them, graduating men are one day.
Jason short: Or one
Jason short: For level Marla
Jodi Dumler: She did graduate
Jason short: Yeah, let us go to edit your mom. I know my boyfriend's you
Jodi Dumler: The other one just fill us with your, with your mom.
Jason short: Yeah, all
Jodi Dumler: Right, okay.
Jodi Dumler: So the other one right here.
Jodi Dumler: Your youngest daughter graduates this year.
Jason short: Was issue.
Jodi Dumler: Okay.
Jodi Dumler: Good, yeah.
Jodi Dumler: Alright.
Jodi Dumler: Trying to think, I don't have much else for you. I just wanted to. I'm going to check in to make sure everything's go and and we don't have any issues over this next month. Keep everything moving
Jodi Dumler: And we'll kind of just track your depression and you're paying and stuff. As we go through the month to see with you.
Jason short: Being on your medicine.
Jodi Dumler: If that lifts it pretty good.
Know,
Jodi Dumler: Next week,
Calendar.
Jodi Dumler: I should be good to next.
Jodi Dumler: So next Friday. Again, but let's do it in the afternoon at
Jodi Dumler: Two to our time your time in my time.
Jason short: Hello.
Jodi Dumler: I am usually, usually I do afternoon appointments, but I, I had to. I have to leave early today, so I had to get you in.
Jodi Dumler: Your 40s 14
Jason short: Okay.
Jason short: Okay, Joe, you have a good day.
Jason short: You too.